How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Comparing the content of the file we can find possible errors, if one file works
and the new one doesn't the problem may be in the diferences between them.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can see the evolution of the code, where are you failling, where are you
correct, and if something is wrong you can go back and see what are going bad.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

   Well, in the pros I think that is good you choose when it is necesary to create
a commit, if you are a very organised person you can do a good job and the commit 
frequency will be fine, but if you don´t do a good job committing you may be in 
trouble... With the automatic vesions of the comented tools, you can forget to 
commit at all, but maybe the commiting frequency is not good enough for the job
you are working on!

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think it's important to have a snapshot of the project in every commit.
If only one file changes but is related to others is a good idea to save all
the set of files. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Well, with the command "git log" we can see how the code 
has been developed with all its "snapshots" in the timeline. 
    With "git diff" we can inspect every "snapshot" of the code evolution, 
seeing every change in detail. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   Because if something goes wrong we can go back to a safe point of the code
like if nothing had happen.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Well, I'm working in a personal project written in python, I would like to
trying on it.
